1967 I am at the equestrian center of
cinderella and capitalism sir
advise to do an internship because
good i'm doing pretty well at schweini
a farmer in northern loiret
which seems to me very much that seems to me
very well and it's I'm coming here I'm coming
with a small mobile is in this
big farm yard and I meet
the mayor who now
live here and that was again a
extraordinary meeting
I have a contact with him and puts him eight
enjoy me and a few weeks after
I tell my parents stop
I choose to make my life in the
horse then with sir the mayor who
teaches me to ride on horseback learns to
know the horses well here in this
little building we it was a ride and
horses there blew in
freedom have towns and foals
3 years and a half
it was very small but hey it was
the time and so we developed the
horse trading
many things were sold on
arrived at 50 100 200 300 horses per
year over the years and so
concomitant I went out all his choices
in competition so I mounted some
hundreds of times in competition
so at first they were riding horses
in class c at the time it was downgraded
after quickly done the year after he is
mounted in class b and and then everything from
after he climbed in first
category and returned to the team of
france finally sir the mayor you
proposes to associate with him for
create in 72 the company lemer tile
patrick of interest it's madhi at this
time if you want I would like
take shares with you in the
sphere where it was done like that
he took 49% of the shares and then and then
we talked about it like that during
fifteen years before he became
national coach
anyway patrick has never been very
focused on trade
it was rather rather rather riders
riders that trading that which
he was interested in doing
advance the horses but the
trading himself the dialogue with the
customer
it was not his thing